CONNECT-AdapterDocumentAssemblyProxy
====================================

Adapter Document Assembly

The Dynamic Document generation components were generated by Telemedicine & Advanced Technology Research Center (TATRC) and Northrop Group Corporation in support of the DoD/VLER Phase 1a Pilot demonstration. The FHA has taken this contribution and incorporated the Dynamic Document generation portion into CONNECT.

CONNECT supported Release Version
=================================

CONNECT 2.4 and CONNECT 3.0

TemplateManager
===============

CDA Sections and CDA Documents Assembler requests templates information from the TemplateManager for the requested section/documents. For example, when the requested section is a Problem List, the Templates Manager will respond with a list of CDA problem modules. The templateManager connection pool needs to be created and JDBC resources should be configured before hand.

DocumentAssemblyManagerEJB
==========================

The Document Assembly validates the patient existence in the AdapterMPI component. When the patient demographics is successfully verified then the document assembler verifies the received document can be supported by making call to Template Manager and upon successful validation the assembly passes the document to the CDA Document assembler.

AdapterDocumentAssemblyProxyEJB
===============================

The following endpoint should be configured for the AdapterDocumentAssembly in ConnectionInfo file.

<service>
<name>documentassembly</name>
<description>Adapter Document Assembly Service</description>
<endpointURL>http://localhost:8080/DocumentAssembly/AdapterDocumentAssembly</endpointURL>
</service>
<service>

DocAssembly and DocRepository connection pool and JDBC resources needs to be configured. The document will be assembled from the received RespondingGatewayCrossGatewayQueryRequestType request and the assembler returns the assembled document to the NhinAdapterService modules. 





